1295987358
Commit	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/commit.rb	  class Commit
RVC	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/commit.rb	class RVC
RVC	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	class RVC
RVCObject	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc_object.rb	class RVCObject
Repo	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	  class Repo
StorageAdapter	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/storage_adapter.rb	class StorageAdapter
all	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def all
author	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/commit.rb	    def author
contents	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc_object.rb	  def contents
contents_other_stuff	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc_object.rb	  def contents_other_stuff
contents_type	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc_object.rb	  def contents_type
find	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def find(object_hash)
find	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/storage_adapter.rb	  def find(object_hash)
head_commit	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def head_commit
initialize	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/commit.rb	    def initialize(repo, serialized)
initialize	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def initialize(dir)
initialize	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc_object.rb	  def initialize(object_hash)
initialize	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/storage_adapter.rb	  def initialize(repo)
log	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def log
log	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	  def self.log(dir)
message	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/commit.rb	    def message
object_hash	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc_object.rb	  attr_reader :object_hash
parent	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/commit.rb	    def parent
path	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def path
show_commit	/Users/danlucraft/projects/rvc-dojo/lib/rvc.rb	    def show_commit(commit)
